feat: Added community code folder (#343)
neptune-ai/examples: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contribution steps for blog writers

> 1. Clone the repository
> 2. Create a new folder in the `community-code` folder in UPPER_SNAKE_CASE. The name should be indicative of your blog title
> 3. Add all your code to the folder
> 4. Add details to the `community-code/README.md` file's Table of Contents in the format specified
> 5. Create a PR to the examples repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone the examples repository and create a new branch.
2. In the `community-code` folder, create a new folder.

    > The folder name must be indicative of your blog title and in UPPER_SNAKE_CASE.

3. Add all your code to the folder.
4. Add details to the `community-code/README.md` file's Table of Contents.

    > The required format is specified in the README file.

5. Create a PR to the examples repository.
```
